what's up, I bring you a new chapter of
a series that I'm going to start the roa tube
Diamond
and to start the first weapon that I bring
is the bcr as the sniper of all
this is not called a series I'm going to bring
a game when I get the gold in
each sniper one game with each
one so the next one that pulls me out
I will bring another game and so on
surely the next weapon that brings
it's that egg is a sniper
terrible the truth to get me the euro
I'm playing now in the extreme for
to be able to take casualties out of a shot and that
because fuck right now I have more or
minus 200 casualties of a shot in the that
egg so inside the game I think
that I'll get the camouflage out of now
then bring the ballista who does not
nationalist as what I call him
guarantor
what is a sniper that did not give me
like but it's been a long time marker
that does not usually use much to
beginning when when I'm not going to play
the game thought it was a style
besides golf to 3 when I try
here with emotions concacaf and besides already
mark and diagonal that of that ere
and then comes the way it's called x
pr that at the beginning of the game I thought
it was good and that I will ever
I said because the classes come to you like
they are called the classes of these people
they are made when you can not create yourself
I caught him and manu and killed him
shot and that I say fuck what good but
now I that is still with the part this
committed because the doctor gave me the
impression of that but right now
We are where I was testing a
poquillo to take some casualties and not
I really like the good truth now
talking a bit about the game in the dsr
I was wearing the laser sight and the charger
expanded and then gusts the attack
lightning the sentinel ice is good
upload another video that happened to me one thing a
little strange with him what to be already what
you will see also say walk the
sniper I'm not very good at
you will see in the video but good so
least I can have a bit of what
I think I do not get to get out but
I also do not know why I put it on because
with the sniper I do not know
but the lightning attack and the sentinel
of saco, I do not care
nothing I hope you like the video os
I'll leave with a song of a job in
you fuck my videos and not vote and we
we see the next
measure
for me
but not
yes
then
native
ahead
and
11 support
tomás
support for
do not
improved
best
l
how